[Applause]
my name is Daniel Lugo when I exercise I
feel energized
vital optimistic and grateful for the
rest of the day as a result truly enjoy
physical exercise I thrive on all the
sensations it brings me in I can feel
immediate benefits I am a good steward
of the physical assets bestowed upon me
and I attend Kaiser development and
maintenance
[Music]
you think you deserve back I do
penis magic we're looking for
merchandise to shop in it there's my
fellow man would it be cash cash it's
all legal and binding and they're
enjoying
Oh tell you mom
got my toe you can see the bone you do
something back
[Applause]
what do we do now I got to get a pump
hurts no it does that's in kiddin
my name is Dagon
[Music]